ID	sequence	position	chain	type
miR169b-Known	CCGAAA	1413	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR171c-Known	CCGAAA	611	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR172a-Known	CCGAAA	1855	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR399a-Known	CCGAAA	1632	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR399a-Known	CCGAAA	1647	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN11-Novel	CCGAAA	575	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN15-Novel	CCGAAA	551	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN17-Novel	CCGAAA	797	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN17-Novel	CCGAAA	1278	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN1b-Novel	CCGAAA	1410	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN21-Novel	CCGAAA	190	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN24a-Novel	CCGAAA	1366	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN24b-Novel	CCGAAA	1363	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN27a-Novel	CCGAAA	802	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN29a-Novel	CCGAAA	732	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN29b-Novel	CCGAAA	731	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN4-Novel	CCGAAA	1450	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN4-Novel	CCGAAA	1719	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN4-Novel	CCGAAA	1729	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN6-Novel	CCGAAA	898	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN6-Novel	CCGAAA	1332	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN7a-Novel	CCGAAA	783	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN9-Novel	CCGAAA	1892	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR169c-Known	CCGAAA	464	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR319b-Probable	CCGAAA	713	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR3627b-Probable	CCGAAA	1860	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR3627d-Probable	CCGAAA	1860	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR3712a-Probable	CCGAAA	981	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR482d-Known	CCGAAA	42	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR482e-Known	CCGAAA	1253	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR5658a-Probable	CCGAAA	90	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN30a-Novel	CCGAAA	919	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN30a-Novel	CCGAAA	959	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN31-Novel	CCGAAA	106	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN38-Novel	CCGAAA	358	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN39-Novel	CCGAAA	747	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN41-Novel	CCGAAA	702	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN46-Novel	CCGAAA	676	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN46-Novel	CCGAAA	989	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN47-Novel	CCGAAA	1249	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN52a-Novel	CCGAAA	1374	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN52a-Novel	CCGAAA	1906	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN54-Novel	CCGAAA	492	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN56-Novel	CCGAAA	1715	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN59-Novel	CCGAAA	40	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN59-Novel	CCGAAA	554	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN63-Novel	CCGAAA	676	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN63-Novel	CCGAAA	851	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN63-Novel	CCGAAA	884	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN66a-Novel	CCGAAA	606	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN66a-Novel	CCGAAA	1764	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN70a-Novel	CCGAAA	1555	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN70a-Novel	CCGAAA	1908	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN71a-Novel	CCGAAA	298	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN76a-Novel	CCGAAA	1249	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN76a-Novel	CCGAAA	1919	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN78-Novel	CCGAAA	1926	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN79c-Novel	CCGAAA	279	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN7b-Novel	CCGAAA	788	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN84a-Novel	CCGAAA	1259	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR3712b-Probable	CCGAAA	728	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR3712c-Probable	CCGAAA	731	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR395c-Known	CCGAAA	1096	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR398a-Known	CCGAAA	1428	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR398b-Known	CCGAAA	458	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR398b-Known	CCGAAA	702	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR398d-Known	CCGAAA	1027	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR398e-Known	CCGAAA	1031	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN105-Novel	CCGAAA	176	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN106-Novel	CCGAAA	125	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN107-Novel	CCGAAA	450	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN107-Novel	CCGAAA	1932	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN93c-Novel	CCGAAA	1010	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN96a-Novel	CCGAAA	185	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN96a-Novel	CCGAAA	344	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN96b-Novel	CCGAAA	37	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN97a-Novel	CCGAAA	1071	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR166c-Probable	CCGAAA	612	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR6275-Probable	CCGAAA	135	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN108a-Novel	CCGAAA	638	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN110a-Novel	CCGAAA	361	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN110b-Novel	CCGAAA	366	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN113-Novel	CCGAAA	661	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN113-Novel	CCGAAA	1313	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN123a-Novel	CCGAAA	675	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN123b-Novel	CCGAAA	609	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN123b-Novel	CCGAAA	662	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN127-Novel	CCGAAA	1968	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN129-Novel	CCGAAA	1709	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN131-Novel	CCGAAA	538	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN132-Novel	CCGAAA	1278	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN7c-Novel	CCGAAA	1817	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR164b-Probable	CCGAAA	800	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR164c-Probable	CCGAAA	802	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR167d-Probable	CCGAAA	573	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR167f-Probable	CCGAAA	378	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR399c-Known	CCGAAA	1724	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN134-Novel	CCGAAA	640	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN135a-Novel	CCGAAA	629	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN139-Novel	CCGAAA	969	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN139-Novel	CCGAAA	1083	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN140-Novel	CCGAAA	194	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN140-Novel	CCGAAA	1522	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN142-Novel	CCGAAA	1575	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN145-Novel	CCGAAA	515	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN145-Novel	CCGAAA	572	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN146-Novel	CCGAAA	1196	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN147-Novel	CCGAAA	1156	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN147-Novel	CCGAAA	1324	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN14b-Novel	CCGAAA	936	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN150-Novel	CCGAAA	702	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN154-Novel	CCGAAA	814	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN156-Novel	CCGAAA	718	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN158-Novel	CCGAAA	746	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN158-Novel	CCGAAA	1844	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR168b-Known	CCGAAA	558	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR168b-Known	CCGAAA	1417	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN159-Novel	CCGAAA	915	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN159-Novel	CCGAAA	1621	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN160-Novel	CCGAAA	131	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN161-Novel	CCGAAA	371	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN164-Novel	CCGAAA	2	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN165a-Novel	CCGAAA	817	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN165a-Novel	CCGAAA	1991	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN169-Novel	CCGAAA	181	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN169-Novel	CCGAAA	548	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN177-Novel	CCGAAA	1016	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN178a-Novel	CCGAAA	608	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN179-Novel	CCGAAA	605	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN179-Novel	CCGAAA	1245	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN182-Novel	CCGAAA	1214	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN182-Novel	CCGAAA	1536	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN183-Novel	CCGAAA	1541	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN184a-Novel	CCGAAA	429	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN185a-Novel	CCGAAA	1953	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN66b-Novel	CCGAAA	1764	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN66c-Novel	CCGAAA	1764	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN66d-Novel	CCGAAA	1194	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN66d-Novel	CCGAAA	1764	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR156e-Probable	CCGAAA	463	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR156i-Probable	CCGAAA	1932	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR162a-Known	CCGAAA	725	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR171h-Probable	CCGAAA	488	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR3627e-Known	CCGAAA	1424	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR6149-Known	CCGAAA	979	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR6149-Known	CCGAAA	1621	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN194-Novel	CCGAAA	718	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN195-Novel	CCGAAA	233	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN195-Novel	CCGAAA	331	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN197-Novel	CCGAAA	148	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN198-Novel	CCGAAA	544	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN199-Novel	CCGAAA	1333	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN203a-Novel	CCGAAA	1318	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN203b-Novel	CCGAAA	1318	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN207-Novel	CCGAAA	1940	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR11149a-Known	CCGAAA	490	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR3712d-Probable	CCGAAA	978	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR477b-Probable	CCGAAA	800	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR482i-Probable	CCGAAA	1718	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN125b-Novel	CCGAAA	35	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN210-Novel	CCGAAA	66	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN213-Novel	CCGAAA	984	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN214-Novel	CCGAAA	578	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN214-Novel	CCGAAA	845	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN214-Novel	CCGAAA	1325	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN220-Novel	CCGAAA	57	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN220-Novel	CCGAAA	1270	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN226-Novel	CCGAAA	1337	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN228-Novel	CCGAAA	1453	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN229-Novel	CCGAAA	1120	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN230-Novel	CCGAAA	459	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN230-Novel	CCGAAA	984	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN231-Novel	CCGAAA	1141	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN236-Novel	CCGAAA	1600	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN238-Novel	CCGAAA	1992	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR2109a-Probable	CCGAAA	1121	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN242-Novel	CCGAAA	1364	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN243-Novel	CCGAAA	55	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN245-Novel	CCGAAA	1883	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN250-Novel	CCGAAA	373	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN250-Novel	CCGAAA	522	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN250-Novel	CCGAAA	601	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN251-Novel	CCGAAA	1055	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN252a-Novel	CCGAAA	526	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN254-Novel	CCGAAA	536	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN256-Novel	CCGAAA	435	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN260-Novel	CCGAAA	506	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN263-Novel	CCGAAA	116	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN263-Novel	CCGAAA	1715	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN268-Novel	CCGAAA	274	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN268-Novel	CCGAAA	1113	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN268-Novel	CCGAAA	1370	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN88b-Novel	CCGAAA	1002	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR159e-Probable	CCGAAA	1105	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR171l-Known	CCGAAA	193	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN269b-Novel	CCGAAA	31	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN269b-Novel	CCGAAA	910	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN269b-Novel	CCGAAA	1464	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN323b-Novel	CCGAAA	145	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN346a-Novel	CCGAAA	1785	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN346b-Novel	CCGAAA	1786	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN352a-Novel	CCGAAA	916	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN352a-Novel	CCGAAA	1828	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN352a-Novel	CCGAAA	1929	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN353-Novel	CCGAAA	589	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN357-Novel	CCGAAA	1602	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN359-Novel	CCGAAA	723	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN359-Novel	CCGAAA	779	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN35b-Novel	CCGAAA	1937	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN361-Novel	CCGAAA	1312	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN366-Novel	CCGAAA	632	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN368-Novel	CCGAAA	311	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN368-Novel	CCGAAA	1571	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR166e-Known	CCGAAA	1322	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR535b-Known	CCGAAA	1694	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN152b-Novel	CCGAAA	1935	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN270-Novel	CCGAAA	7	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN270-Novel	CCGAAA	1845	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN276-Novel	CCGAAA	1959	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN277-Novel	CCGAAA	1706	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN279-Novel	CCGAAA	1308	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN280-Novel	CCGAAA	1596	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN282-Novel	CCGAAA	1706	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN286-Novel	CCGAAA	261	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN293-Novel	CCGAAA	953	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN294-Novel	CCGAAA	1103	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN296-Novel	CCGAAA	1157	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR3712e-Probable	CCGAAA	981	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR482k-Probable	CCGAAA	903	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN191b-Novel	CCGAAA	385	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN304-Novel	CCGAAA	1990	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN312-Novel	CCGAAA	1468	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN313-Novel	CCGAAA	786	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN313-Novel	CCGAAA	1281	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN314-Novel	CCGAAA	939	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN316-Novel	CCGAAA	979	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN317a-Novel	CCGAAA	1314	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN317b-Novel	CCGAAA	1314	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN319-Novel	CCGAAA	1378	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN319-Novel	CCGAAA	1416	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN320-Novel	CCGAAA	863	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN320-Novel	CCGAAA	1006	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR11149c-Probable	CCGAAA	166	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR169j-Known	CCGAAA	90	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR169l-Known	CCGAAA	719	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN165c-Novel	CCGAAA	1949	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN322a-Novel	CCGAAA	1295	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN323a-Novel	CCGAAA	22	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN326-Novel	CCGAAA	356	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN326-Novel	CCGAAA	410	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN326-Novel	CCGAAA	817	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN326-Novel	CCGAAA	1326	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN326-Novel	CCGAAA	1419	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN327-Novel	CCGAAA	145	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN330a-Novel	CCGAAA	1708	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN332-Novel	CCGAAA	42	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN333-Novel	CCGAAA	256	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN336-Novel	CCGAAA	412	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN339-Novel	CCGAAA	1070	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN341-Novel	CCGAAA	280	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR171m-Known	CCGAAA	274	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR3711a-Probable	CCGAAA	522	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR396f-Probable	CCGAAA	984	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR408-Known	CCGAAA	730	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR408-Known	CCGAAA	1530	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN303b-Novel	CCGAAA	425	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN372-Novel	CCGAAA	274	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN375b-Novel	CCGAAA	15	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN378-Novel	CCGAAA	1032	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN378-Novel	CCGAAA	1197	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN380-Novel	CCGAAA	324	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN382-Novel	CCGAAA	1895	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN383c-Novel	CCGAAA	125	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN389a-Novel	CCGAAA	410	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN390-Novel	CCGAAA	12	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN390-Novel	CCGAAA	18	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN392-Novel	CCGAAA	1905	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN396-Novel	CCGAAA	1186	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR171q-Known	CCGAAA	575	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR3711b-Probable	CCGAAA	372	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR3711b-Probable	CCGAAA	1233	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR3712f-Probable	CCGAAA	981	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN403-Novel	CCGAAA	1584	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN405-Novel	CCGAAA	1754	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN409-Novel	CCGAAA	504	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN411-Novel	CCGAAA	6	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN423-Novel	CCGAAA	928	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN424-Novel	CCGAAA	914	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN425-Novel	CCGAAA	250	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN426-Novel	CCGAAA	219	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR2275b-Probable	CCGAAA	449	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR3712g-Probable	CCGAAA	978	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR399e-Known	CCGAAA	1681	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR399i-Known	CCGAAA	458	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR399i-Known	CCGAAA	1087	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR403c-Known	CCGAAA	792	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN272b-Novel	CCGAAA	1355	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN272b-Novel	CCGAAA	1655	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN430-Novel	CCGAAA	1334	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN430-Novel	CCGAAA	1721	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN432-Novel	CCGAAA	666	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN432-Novel	CCGAAA	1388	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN432-Novel	CCGAAA	1438	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN432-Novel	CCGAAA	1495	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN433-Novel	CCGAAA	1055	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN434-Novel	CCGAAA	1478	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN438a-Novel	CCGAAA	810	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN438a-Novel	CCGAAA	1624	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN438b-Novel	CCGAAA	807	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN438b-Novel	CCGAAA	1624	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN441-Novel	CCGAAA	5	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN443-Novel	CCGAAA	178	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN67b-Novel	CCGAAA	630	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN67b-Novel	CCGAAA	1351	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR395k-Probable	CCGAAA	409	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR395k-Probable	CCGAAA	591	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR8147-Probable	CCGAAA	675	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN20b-Novel	CCGAAA	1949	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN25d-Novel	CCGAAA	526	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN25d-Novel	CCGAAA	1926	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN352b-Novel	CCGAAA	621	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN448-Novel	CCGAAA	272	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN452-Novel	CCGAAA	1569	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN462-Novel	CCGAAA	218	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN463-Novel	CCGAAA	882	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN464a-Novel	CCGAAA	1069	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN464a-Novel	CCGAAA	1347	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN464b-Novel	CCGAAA	1069	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN464b-Novel	CCGAAA	1347	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN467a-Novel	CCGAAA	848	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN467b-Novel	CCGAAA	1755	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN468-Novel	CCGAAA	1247	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN469-Novel	CCGAAA	85	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR171r-Known	CCGAAA	1789	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR2275c-Probable	CCGAAA	448	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN171d-Novel	CCGAAA	1560	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN227b-Novel	CCGAAA	1355	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN330b-Novel	CCGAAA	1702	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN470-Novel	CCGAAA	1012	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN473-Novel	CCGAAA	976	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN475-Novel	CCGAAA	317	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN476-Novel	CCGAAA	1937	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN477-Novel	CCGAAA	1091	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN480-Novel	CCGAAA	483	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN480-Novel	CCGAAA	1272	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR11149d-Known	CCGAAA	558	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR11149e-Known	CCGAAA	494	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR169w-Known	CCGAAA	1152	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR169w-Known	CCGAAA	1569	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN135b-Novel	CCGAAA	633	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN178b-Novel	CCGAAA	599	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN187b-Novel	CCGAAA	1833	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN27b-Novel	CCGAAA	803	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN389b-Novel	CCGAAA	256	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN428b-Novel	CCGAAA	87	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN489-Novel	CCGAAA	140	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN489-Novel	CCGAAA	379	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN495-Novel	CCGAAA	1319	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN496-Novel	CCGAAA	853	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN497-Novel	CCGAAA	1617	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN498-Novel	CCGAAA	1011	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN501-Novel	CCGAAA	42	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN505-Novel	CCGAAA	746	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN88c-Novel	CCGAAA	722	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR11149f-Known	CCGAAA	493	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR171t-Known	CCGAAA	542	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR394g-Probable	CCGAAA	680	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miR399j-Probable	CCGAAA	475	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN172f-Novel	CCGAAA	779	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN172f-Novel	CCGAAA	807	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN506-Novel	CCGAAA	1407	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN508-Novel	CCGAAA	611	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN510-Novel	CCGAAA	1696	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN510-Novel	CCGAAA	1830	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN511-Novel	CCGAAA	1872	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN513-Novel	CCGAAA	1013	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN515-Novel	CCGAAA	953	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN516-Novel	CCGAAA	1912	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN516-Novel	CCGAAA	1919	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN518-Novel	CCGAAA	961	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN519-Novel	CCGAAA	1345	+	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN531-Novel	CCGAAA	1929	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN532-Novel	CCGAAA	1013	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN532-Novel	CCGAAA	1193	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN532-Novel	CCGAAA	1214	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN532-Novel	CCGAAA	1354	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
miRN532-Novel	CCGAAA	1375	-	cis-acting element involved in low-temperature responsiveness
