## About this app

This app (TPmp) has been built by Shiqi Zhao.

The current release of TPmp contains 925 MIRNA genes and 427 PHAS locations, and provides set of multiple analysis modules developed to visualize and explore miRNA and phasiRNA in tea plants based on 81 sRNA-seq samples and 10 degradome-seq samples in NCBI.

## Citation

Zhao Shiqi; et al. (2022) [TPmp: An interactive web portal for the efficient retrieval and analysis of miRNA and pahsiRNAs of tea plants](). 


## Analysis Modules
We here present 5 modules to visualize and explore the miRNAs and phasiRNAs dataset. Within each module, the user can select different parameters to retrieve and visualize. 

### miRNA

This module can display: (1) The position and secondary structure of pre-miRNA, (2) The target gene information of miRNA, (3) The expression of miRNA, (4) The regulation element on the promoter of pre-miRNA. Users can also download these information.

### phasiRNA

This module can display: (1) The position and phasing score of PHAS gene, (2) The miRNA trigger of PHAS gene, (3) The expression of phasiRNA. Users can also download these information.

### hcsiRNA

This module can display: The information of hcsiRNA, such as position and library number. Users can also download these information.

### Extraction

This module can display: The information of the miRNAs contained in regions of the genome you have selected. Users can also download these information.

### Small tools

This module provides some useful tools: (1) The tool for displaying miRNAs and targets by the files of users, (2) The tool for display heatmap, Users can also download these figures generated by these tools.

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
